We're half an hour away from the open in
Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
You're watching the China Show. I'm
Annabelle Drolette with David Ingles.
[Music]
Good morning. A pleasure to have you all
join us this morning as we count down to
the reopen of mainland markets. Today,
we have a lot to get through as we
approach the open today. There's of
course this big peace deal in in Gaza
and Israel. Number one, number two is
this reopen. We talked about that.
Number three is this big massive
privatization conversation on Hang Seng
Bank. We'll get to all of that in a
moment. Markets are bid. We're up 3/10
of 1%. Taiwan and AI story continues to
be one that we're tracking as well in
TSMC. We're up about 2% in the opening
minutes. We have heard overnight out of
uh Jensen Huang talking about the
conversations around AI. We'll get a
better indication of that as far as the
sales numbers and the export numbers out
of Taiwan later on today. Flip the page,
please, if we can. Dollar strength, euro
slipping back below your 50-day moving
average. We are on track for the second
worst week on the Japanese currency
going back 9 years or so. So, we started
the things off at 147. We're now pushing
In fact, we At one point At one point,
we were at 153
uh on dollar yen going into this
morning. Uh gold futures are coming off
as well, silver as well. Although, of
course, 4,000 is the handle there.
Still. Okay, let's have a look, please,
at uh the approach to the open today.
A50 futures are coming online. Quarter
1% to the upside. We are also getting a
bit of catch up here. And there's a
separate story to be unpacked as it
pertains to all the catch up trades
onshore. Whether that's gold miners,
copper, and everything in between. We
are getting the initial quote out of the
CGB market after being shut for a few
days. We're now looking at a 1.87%
handle. Yeah, this has been a really
major development this morning. So, HSBC
is proposing to privatize Hang Seng
Bank. Joining us exclusively now is the
HSBC CEO, Georges Elhedery. And And
Georges, it's such a pleasure to have
you in studio this morning.
We want to know about about the
rationale for this deal. How long have
you been working on it? And And what's
the reason behind it?
Well, thank you, Annabelle and David,
for having me this morning. Um this is
an investment for growth. This is an
investment in Hong Kong, one of our home
markets, um and one of our key markets.
Hang Seng is an iconic bank in Hong
Kong. It's a leading local bank. It has
a fantastic customer franchise. Have a
very strong financial position.
Um it has a cultural distinctiveness.
And the idea here is to effectively take
private Hang Seng by retaining its
distinctive customer franchise, by
retaining its branch network, its own
customer proposition, and obviously its
iconic brand in Hong Kong, and you know,
its heritage and culture more than a 100
years
in Hong Kong.
The
the bank already owned a majority of
this unit before the transactions. I'm
curious, what does this transaction now
enable you to do that perhaps you were
not in as good as position before the
transaction came through.
So, David, a couple of things. First, it
allows us to enhance all the
capabilities of Hang Seng. So, we will
be able As I said, it's an investment
for growth. We will be able to offer
existing customers of Hang Seng, as well
as all new customers Hang Seng,
a wider
range of products empowered by, you
know, by the HSBC product suite, you
know, such as capital markets for the
um corporate customers, or such as
wealth products for the retail
customers.
Um it allows us also to you know, give
access to Hang Seng customers
to our international network in a way
that they wouldn't have access before.
It allows us to enhance all these
capabilities by scaling investments in
technology, scaling investment in
product manufacturing, scaling
investment in innovation. That's one.
And the other one, it allows better
alignment between HSBC and Hang Seng. Um
this alignment will allow us to drive a
number of synergies and other
efficiencies, which we expect to achieve
over time.
Did bad debt play
any part in the thinking behind this
decision? Because a few weeks ago, we
were reporting here at Bloomberg about
how HSBC had been asking Hang Seng to
clean up some of its bad debt. And we
were hearing that that Hang Seng as well
was in the process of divesting some of
its portfolios. So, was that part of the
the rationale as well?
So, Annabelle, this has nothing to do
with the you know, with the you know,
bad debt
situation.
It's a very much an investment for
growth. This is a medium-to-long-term
investment for HSBC in what is a
fantastic brand in Hong Kong. In the
market, Hong Kong itself, in the market
where growth has been
very strong. It It demonstrates through
this you know, significant investment,
it demonstrates our commitment to the
economy of Hong Kong. It demonstrates
our conviction in you know, in the
future outlook of Hong Kong. Um and it
It demonstrates the appetite we have to
continue enhancing the capabilities of
Hang Seng for the medium to long term.
Just to Just to ask That's an
interesting point you made there,
Georges, on you want to retain
the Hang Seng Bank identity.
Uh so, just to ask you, there's no
merger of the So, the Hang Seng Bank
unit will remain as is. In other words,
Hang Seng Bank clients will remain Hang
Seng Bank clients, and they won't be
folded under HSBC. That's absolutely
correct. So, So, what happens is this is
a take private. This is not a takeover.
In a take private, you retain the Hang
Seng brand. You take You retain the Hang
Seng
authorized entity under the Hong Kong
Banking Ordinance as a as a licensed
bank. You retain its customer
proposition, you know, covering as a
local leading local bank, covering
retail customers and commercial banking
customers
in Hong Kong. Um you retain its
governance, its board, um and obviously
for customers, the day-to-day doesn't
change. The increased capabilities will
come over time, and they will benefit
from it.
You have made some some changes recently
to the top leadership at Hang Seng as
well. But do you plan any any further
reshuffles there, or any sort of head
count reductions?
So, in terms of leadership, this
obviously will be a matter for the Hang
Seng board and the incoming CEO to to
decide. But we have a strong leadership
in Hang Seng that's
you know, that's been you know,
throughout. And as you know, HSBC Hang
Seng's part of the HSBC family. HSBC has
been very actively engaged with Hang
Seng throughout the last 60 years.
Um With regards With regards head count,
we you know, our plan is to continue
invest in people in Hong Kong.
We want to continue to invest in people,
and we want to continue to invest in
technology in Hong Kong. We believe this
privatization proposal will give our
colleagues, specifically our colleagues
across Hang Seng,
further opportunities for career
development, further opportunities for
training, and
you know, and further ability to give
talent um you know, opportunities within
Hong Kong and outside Hong Kong.
Um
That's really the essence of you know,
what it means for our colleagues in Hang
Seng.
From From an HSBC shareholder
perspective, this is quite a large cash
consideration. I think it's over 100
billion Hong Kong Hong Kong dollars.
That use of the capital, does that in
any way handicap other capital
commitments the bank has made? Just help
us understand how that works out from a
capital ratio perspective, and if that
affects in any way the buybacks that
you've promised.
Yeah.
So, David, the consideration is around
100 billion Hong Kong dollars, which is
around
uh just shy of 14 billion US dollars for
the minority that we do not hold in the
37 billion dollars you just quoted
earlier.
Um we have set ourselves at HSBC since
February this year
criteria for which we consider
acquisitions.
These are high threshold criteria. The
criteria basically involve number one,
that any acquisition is fully aligned to
strategy. Number two, that any
acquisition provides a scale or
additional capabilities.
Number three, that any acquisition does
not distract us from organic growth,
i.e. the integration is going to be
relatively straightforward and easy, and
does not distract us from from from from
organic growth. And number four, that it
is more value generative than share
buybacks.
Um we believe this acquisition fully
meets these four criteria, and this is
why we've also announced that we will be
not reinitiating any further share
buybacks
for approximately three quarters, which
is a period that we estimate, alongside
other actions such as our own capital
generation, will allow us to come back
to our target operating range of 14 to
14 and 1/2 at HSBC.
On On the the the regulatory side, is
this something that needed approval from
Hong Kong regulators? Were there any
discussions either with Hong Kong
regulators or with with the Chinese
government as well? Did they need to be
informed of this decision
beforehand? Yes, you would expect,
Annabelle, we we have been in active
conversation and engagement with our
regulators, both obviously in Hong Kong,
but in in the UK as well. They've been
fully informed. They've been extremely
cooperative and supportive. And you
know, we wouldn't have
issued what we published this morning
without full engagement and the you
know, and the support of our regulators.
You've You've put a an offer out of 30%
over the last close of Hang Seng. And
clearly that's a sign of confidence that
this is good enough for shareholders.
What risks do you see that this one
doesn't doesn't go through? So David, I
think this is a this is a very
attractive offer. This is a significant
premium, 30%. It values the bank at
about 1.8 times price to book ratio.
This is significantly higher than any of
the Hong Kong peers.
And when you look at it from a price
perspective, it's 30% on this today's
close.
It's more than
you know more than 42%
on
you know analysts um
consensus target price for the next 12
month. And it's more than 49% on the
last you know on the average price for
the last 12 month. So it is by all
measures a very attractive offer.
Are there cost savings involved as far
as HSBC is concerned moving forward?
>> Yeah, I said this is first and foremost
an investment for growth, okay? But
there obviously will be alignment
opportunities and efficiencies that you
know that you know that that we will
drive over time. But we expect that any
possible cost saves we will drive first
over time. Okay. And second through
either natural attrition or training and
redeployment of our own staff given the
you know given the growth opportunities
in the Hong Kong market.
>> Right. I need to ask you have you
identified any of those potential
synergies? So David, you should expect
us to have done a lot of ground work and
we have
[Laughter]
So we have good ideas, but obviously you
know obviously all of this will be
contingent on the ultimately the key you
know the key item which is the
shareholder the minority shareholders
voting. Which we ask for their support
when we come to it sometime around Q2 in
2026. Mhm. You mentioned that this is
not
related to to the bad debt situation at
Hang Seng, but what about HSBC's bad
debt as well and does Hang Seng look to
take on any of that?
No, I mean look this is this has nothing
to do with the you know with the last
few quarters where we reported some
you know bad debt relating to the
commercial real estate environment. As
we did say about this specific sector,
we're seeing actually many of the
indicators stabilize and actually a
number of the indicators already start
to normalize. So we are remain very
confident in the medium to long term
about this sector.
Your
your message to
Hang Seng Bank employees now that
naturally might feel somewhat anxious
given given this deal.
What would your message be to those
employees?
>> first thing Hang Seng's always been part
of the family of HSBC and their
employees are colleagues of ours
regardless of the structure.
Second, this is you know as I mentioned
earlier David, this is a significant
opportunity for their career development
and their you know training and skills
development working across and through
the HSBC network both within Hong Kong
but also internationally.
And third,
we you know we we still look at Hong
Kong as a major growth market. It's a
growth up I mean we've been 160 years in
Hong Kong.
This is a home market for HSBC. You know
it's it's a strong you know the
significant investment demonstrates
commitment but also conviction in what
we think the future of Hong Kong. Hong
Kong major international financial
center
is on track to become the world's
largest cross-border wealth hub by the
end of the decade. Is the super
connector between mainland China and the
rest of the world. The opportunities for
growth of in Hong Kong are endless. And
for all our colleagues, it's fantastic
to be in a leadership position
you know trying to work with our clients
through this through this growth
opportunity. Georges, we appreciate the
time to to come in and speak with us
given this massive deal. Thank you so
much and speak again soon. That was the
HSBC CEO Georges Elhedery there on this
massive transaction that was announced
just about an hour back and then about 5
minutes time we'll get an initial
reaction of course across Hang Seng Bank
shares which I imagine would be somewhat
bid today. Let's see what happens with
that. We're also watching for shares of
HSBC in about 5 minutes or so. If you
are one of our Bloomberg clients, you
can rewatch that interview we just did
on TV go on your Bloomberg terminals.
You can also be part of the conversation
sending instant messages here on our
shows.
Check that out on TV go on Bloomberg
counting down to the open up Hong Kong
15 minutes away. The reopen in mainland
market Shanghai, Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong. A very good morning to all of
you. This is the China show.
[Music]
Right. So welcome back just about 3
minutes back the PBOC midpoint first one
since well first one for the first
fourth quarter because of the reopen
today and we are looking at an
adjustment already in the offer currency
to fix is bottom of your screen. Some
breaking news to to tell you. Yeah,
breaking news just in the last few
minutes. So we've got some announcements
from China. They're looking to to
implement export controls on rare earth
items and also ones that are related to
tech. China's also going to be reviewing
exports for some chips for research and
developments and that's on a case by
case basis, but we can get to that first
story on tightening exports of rare
earth items and related tech with our
China correspondent Min Min Low joining
us this morning. So
we've sort of seen these restrictions
around rare earth before, but what's
what's new now?
Yeah, we don't have a a lot of
information, but clearly tech and rare
earth is the new frontier of this global
tech war especially with the rally that
we have seen in the tech sector.
We we have also seen the rally in the
metals sector as well because these rare
earths are needed to build out
AI-powered electronics, to build out
data centers and China is increasingly
realizing the importance of this and
using its dominance to reshape global
markets. I mean case in point there was
the BHP shipments of iron ore that was
banned over price dispute and this time
China is tightening the rules even
further for a list of rare earths
meaning foreign companies and
individuals will have to apply for
export licenses from the Chinese
government before exporting them. So
it's going to probably going to disrupt
the supply chain situation as well.
Okay. We're reopening today among the
many things we're tracking are are what?
Well, we obviously looking out for
travel data from the Chinese government
and the various ministries. We don't
have the full data set yet, but we have
some preliminary data. So if you pull
out the numbers that I've compiled, we
have retail sales and catering data in
the first half of Golden Week. That's
about 3.3% higher which compared to
Labor Day holiday earlier in the year,
that's about half of the gains that we
saw in Labor Day. So it's considered
pretty muted. You look at the passenger
trips as well, staggering numbers 2.4
billion. That is unprecedented number of
trips that Chinese state media has been
highlighting, but on year the numbers
you're looking at 6.2% on year still
paling in comparison to the 8% that we
got on the Labor Day holiday as well.
You flip the board take a look at the
box office numbers. We're looking at
upwards of 1.8 billion yuan. Again,
compared to 2024 falling short there
even despite the additional day of the
holiday this year the 8-day Golden Week
versus 7 days last year and also
compared to 2019 to 2021, we're still
far below that. One place that is doing
really well though is the
overseas inbound tourism because you
look at private data provided by Ant.
They have global tourist payments on
Alipay up 40% on year on the first 5
days of Golden Week. Offline shopping by
overseas visitors up 200%
and this shows you that the government
policy the visa-free policy
the tax rebate those have really helped
to pay off
have paid off and helped to attract
foreign travelers to China. Just before
we get to to how markets are going to
broadly reopen, we also want to just
address we've got pre-market starting
now for
well for Hong Kong, but we're taking a
look at Hang Seng Bank in particular
because shares so far they're rising,
but they're still up around 15%. So the
offer here is a premium of 30% to the
Wednesday close. You're not trading at
that mark just yet. HSBC you can see
there is a little bit under pressure.
Yeah, that might I mean the usual case
is that you know the gap between the the
actual move and the offer might have to
do with the fact that this is not a
fully done deal of course to the point
that the HSBC CEO just made to us a few
minutes ago. This is fully contingent on
minority shareholders actually seeing
30% as good value and then taking that
deal of course there. Yeah, he did make
that point. They'll have that they'll
have that meeting coming up and then he
did say it from their perspective he he
still thinks it's very attractive. But
Min Min, let's shift back cuz of course
we're going to be tracking those stocks
in the session today, but broadly what
are we expecting for the reopen?
Yeah, well if you look at what happened
in the US over the past week the ETFs
tracking the CSI 300 was pretty muted.
But I think we can check the pre-market
numbers now. Hang Seng is probably from
what I can see up about a tenth of a
percent.
But there are corners of the Chinese
market that uh
that was going doing really well, right?
Especially the mining sector the rally
that we saw up 12 15% over the past
week. So there could be a catch up on
mainland markets as well when it comes
to the mining stocks. You add to that
the latest news about the restrictions
the export controls, it could push up
prices even more. And of course HSBC you
mentioned earlier checking the stock
earlier. Again, a very high valuation
that you know based on the premium that
HSBC is paying for the company.
Yeah, there we go. One of our top
stories in a minute. Thank you so giving
us a preview of the reopen of mainland
markets in just under well, just over 7
minutes from now. We'll leave you with a
look at HSBC and Hang Seng Bank
following this this proposal uh this
offer to take uh Hang Seng Bank private.
15% to the upside of Hang Seng Bank.
We're down about three on HSBC. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're just under 5 minutes away from the
restart of trading here. Hong Kong
looking to open a little bit in positive
territory today. We have seen a strong
session overnight for Hang uh for tech
stocks generally, so we're watching that
tech sector in particular. But, we're of
course uh waiting the reopen of mainland
markets and and the direction that the
trading takes today. Yeah, I mean, we
were looking at likely some declines or
either flat open or a muted open given
of course on an index level things
haven't really changed on a net basis,
although within the markets itself, you
have some sectors that really uh rallied
while the mainland China was shut. So,
we talked about gold and gold plays, and
we talked about SMIC and some of the
other plays there uh as well. Uh Ganfeng
Lithium is one to watch. The A shares
and of course Ganfeng Copper is also the
A shares have rallied substantially 13%
while the A share market roughly was
closed. CATL's a big story because the
JP Morgan cut uh on the price target,
and then I think Morgan Stanley was this
morning following up on that, too.
>> Yeah, they cut them down to equal weight
uh price target there of 585 Hong Kong
dollars a piece. So, I mean, trading
around that roughly right now. Uh of
course, coming back to a big story
today, which is the Hang Seng and and
plans for HSBC to take that bank
private.
>> Boom.
>> That's a deal valuing Hang Seng Bank at
37 billion dollars. Uh they're proposing
a 30% premium to the close price on
Wednesday, but you have the open just
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show, counting down to the reopen of
mainland markets today. That's story
number one. Story number two is, of
course, the peace deal, phase one, Gaza,
and of course, the other one is this
HSBC offer to take Hang Seng Bank
private. 30% premium, the stock is
halfway there.
Yeah, the stock is halfway there, and
then it's it's a major major deal. We
just had a great
CEO interview at the top of this hour
with with Georges Elhedery from HSBC
talking about the rationale for this.
They're saying it's nothing to do with
the the bad debt that that we've seen.
Hot possibly HSBC pushing Hang Seng to
clean up, but he was talking very much
about the synergies for this, and also
their conviction in the market in Hong
Kong and and the and the potential here.
But, let's take a look at how mainland
markets are coming online this morning
at the open here because it's that big
question. We've got the early data out
from Golden Week, and the signals are
not really that crash hot. It does seem
like yes, you've got the the rally in
stocks, but the wealth effect hasn't
really translated because of course,
most households in China are tied to the
property sector instead. So, households
did actually remain cautious throughout
the period. Spending was restrained. Box
office sales missed expectations as
well. So, today in the session, you're
still seeing stocks looking a little bit
muted here, but but some fractional
gains so far. But, names like Kweichow
Moutai, for instance, is down 7/10 of
1%. Uh CATL as well. We were just
mentioning before they've had a couple
of downgrades. Uh that is the story for
Hong Kong there. Medea, another name to
track again in the red today. But, let's
take a look at Hong Kong because
we are seeing equities a little bit
under pressure so far. Uh big focus on
what's happening in the tech space
because overnight we had an interview
Jensen Huang gave to another media
outlet, but essentially talking about
the the outlook and demand around
Blackwell. That's that's their latest
infrastructure for for AI chips, and he
said it's very very strong. It's holding
up. So, you did see that propelling the
tech sector higher. Again, Hang Seng
tech not really feeling that that that
same mood in the session today, but that
is really the big question. You've seen
so much AI hype in China. Does that sort
of
over overcome really the the the
challenges more around the consumer
side?
Yeah.
Um
Well, that's that's a billion-dollar
question. Like I I actually
>> Probably more than a billion-dollar
question.
>> Yes. Well, I mean, if you if if you have
a number to what extent this market
could be overvalued, that's the
billion-dollar amount. Uh
the the other one, of course, is HSBC
Hang Seng Bank coming up on your screen.
So, HSBC was down in three 3% in the
premarkets. We're now down 5%. Uh we
closed at about 110-ish. Uh we're down
about 516. Of course, the big one Oh,
there we go. We're now up all the way
Mhm. 30%. Well, okay, 29.24 to be more
specific here. Uh HSBC out with an offer
to take Hang Seng Bank, its unit,
private. They had owned 63%, I believe,
roughly of the bank. The proposal now is
to effectively buy out the the remaining
the minority shareholders in a deal that
values Hang Seng Bank at 37, the cash.
Um uh well, the cash consideration on
the part of HSBC is, I think, something
around 13 to 14 billion US dollars to
take that through the line, and of
course, it will depend on minority
shareholders whether or not they think
that this is going to go through.
>> this. Yeah. Let's also take a look at
what's happening with the rare earth
stocks today because this is a sector to
track. Just in the last uh few minutes,
really, we've seen China announcing a
decision to implement export controls on
rare earth items and related technology.
Uh so, essentially, foreign
organizations and individuals are going
to need to obtain dual-use export
licenses issued by the ministry before
exporting certain items. So, you are
seeing these stocks in moving to the
upside. Some further commentary just
coming as well from China saying that
the rare earth control is aimed at
defending their national security. And
some A shares as well uh to track today.
We can take a look at those and and what
we're seeing so far for the open.
All right.
>> Again, it's it's really that that metal
story uh continuing to to play out.
Yeah, Ganfeng Copper is up uh 10%. Uh
the copper stock just got a tripling of
of of their price target. Yes. Uh and
the uh that that was really one of the
metals, apart from gold, that Goldman
was actually quite positive on, roughly
speaking. 10 to 11,000, I believe, was
the the range.
>> was the range there for for for copper
prices. Uh so, can we call this an
everything rally? I mean, we didn't even
talk about Bitcoin, which actually has
been doing very very well. There's AI,
there's this. Let's bring in Aidan Yao,
senior investment strategist for Asia at
Amundi Investment Institute.
What's the risk to this rally? No one
can No one can tell us that, you know,
what they're watching out for.
Everything seems to be doing doing doing
well. I I think uh it comes down to
fundamentals. Um
um in so far as the US is a concern, um
I think uh the US market is very
sanguine. If you look at the earnings
expectation over the next 12 months,
it's a 13% earning growth expectation.
Uh first half of this year, we recorded
10, 11%. So, the US equity market is
essentially discounting a reacceleration
of uh uh the economy, and that's at odds
with our expectation of subtrend
economic growth in 2026.
Um the other one is inflation. Uh you
know, if inflation surprises to the
upside, that could cut short of the
easing cycle by the Fed. The market is
very optimistic in its uh easing
expectations. Um so, if you have this a
stackflationary
phenomena playing out uh more, that is
not being discounted by both equities
and bonds. I think that could be a
upside for the market. How important
then is the upcoming earning season?
Very much so. Um I think uh given how
lopsided the expectations have become,
given how lofty valuations have become,
I think investors are
um laser-focused on earnings to try to
see if earnings is really catching up to
the valuations so make a PE multiples
more reasonable, or that the PE
multiples being discounted way ahead of
the curve. So, we have seen, you know,
first half of this year, Q1, Q2 earning
seasons were really really focused by by
investors, and they have delivered, to
be honest. But, as I said, I think the
future earnings projection looks a
pretty econo-
optimistic. So, I think they are going
to look at the Q3 earnings to see
either a proof to their expectation or
disproof to their expectation. And in
terms of structure of S&P, it's also
important. I think Mac 7 and the other
493 are very different. Mac 7, people
are concerned about Well, some people
are concerned about
whether the large cap ex spending is
going to deliver the desired returns.
And the other 493 is it truly reflecting
the real economy. And I think people are
looking for either the earning reports
as well as guidance to see any signs of
impact of tariffs or policy
uncertainties coming through. So, I
think people are going to focus on
earning season.
How would you
advise people to play AI now?
That's a very good question. I think uh
uh this been growing debate uh in the
market about whether AI is you know,
current valuations are sustainable. Now,
uh we are cautious about the US equities
over the medium to long term, and the
high valuations of hyperscalers is a
part of that uh caution. Now, don't get
me wrong. Um we think AI is a
revolutionary
It's going to change the world. It's
going to change the way in which we live
our lives. So, the technology itself is
for real. What we are concerned about is
up until very recently, Mac 7 has been
the only AI game in town. So, huge
amount of a capital moving into these
stocks
significantly jack up their valuations.
And we have seen also quite a
significant capex spending effectively
over the past 12 to 24 months. And as I
said, there is a concern about whether
they will truly deliver the returns that
currently being discounted by the
market. So, on the one hand, we are okay
with the macro technology. On the other
hand, we're worried about the micro way
in which investors playing the
systematic. So, our recommendation is to
build a more balanced and diversified AI
portfolio. Um, Mac 7's no longer the
only AI game in town anymore, right? US
is no longer monopolizing AI development
given the rise of deep sea given the
large language model coming out of
China. I think there's a pretty vibrant
AI ecosystem here competing head-to-head
with the US hyperscalers. And Chinese
names are actually more reasonably
priced. They are also developing AI
using slightly different approach and
strategy. US ones are going for the holy
grail of general AI AGI, whereas the
Chinese ones are more pragmatic. They
have a smaller, more affordable models
that
targeting the task at hand. So, by
adding some Chinese names to a Mac 7
portfolio, you actually achieve a
genuine diversification. And I think
that increase the portfolio resiliency
against the potential downside prices.
You're talking about the Chinese
platform names there, the ones that are
developing these types of models. But
but what about other parts of the AI
story in China, more on the sort of
infrastructure side or component side?
Sure. I think there there are a lot of
opportunities in both AI and AI age. I
think you know, if we look at the mega
tech companies Alibaba, Tencent.
You know, Alibaba's on the cloud side.
Tencent's sort of on the application
software side. We also have some sort of
hardware infrastructure AI players
listed onshore in Asia's as well. So, I
think there's plenty of opportunities in
the China ecosystem to to fish.
Yeah, who would have thought a barbell
strategy within AI?
Makes sense within that trade. Can I ask
you about Can I ask you about gold?
Sure. What what In your view, what is
what is gold as an asset? What is that?
Is that Is that a structural trade? Is
that a tactical trade? Is that a
risk-free?
Is it a Is it Is it a risk asset? Like
what what what what is it? What is it?
Well, let's break down the gold market.
So, from market technical perspective,
the momentum is pretty strong. It
reached the 4,000 for the first time
ever. I think you know, if you look at
the price actions, basically going
vertical over the last a couple of
weeks. So, I think that momentum will
draw more inflows into the market and
potentially pushing market even higher.
If you look at the valuation of the
gold, now valuation of the gold is
>> do you measure valuation? Exactly. So,
I'm getting to that. So, it's a very
difficult to to value gold because it
doesn't create cash flow. So, you can't
calculate the equivalent equity PEs. But
what you can do is look at the gold
prices relative to other economic and
market variables depending on the user
case of the gold. If you see gold as a
currency, you can look at the gold
prices relative to world and two world
debt levels. If you see gold as a
stand-alone asset class, you can compare
gold performance vis-a-vis global
equity, vis-a-vis global bonds. If you
see gold as an industrial metal because
it does have some industrial use, you
can look at the gold relative to nominal
GDP of the world. If you calculate all
these ratios, you see that these ratios
have been pushing higher across the
board over the last couple of years
simply because of the very rapid
appreciation of the gold prices. But
these ratios are substantially below the
absolute peak in the late 1970s and
early '80s. So, even though US dollar
nominal prices have reached a record
high, these are so-called valuations of
gold are still way below the record
peak. Finally, if you look at
fundamentals, cyclically speaking, gold
tend to perform in an environment of
falling interest rate and falling
dollar, which typically occur when the
Fed is in the cutting cycle, which we
are in right now. I would argue that the
cyclical support for gold has been
absolutely supercharged in the last
couple of years by structural forces.
There's been structural demand for gold
because the world has been plagued by
record debt, which put a downward
pressure on fiat currency, and gold is
seen as alternative to fiat. Um, the
world has also been experiencing
rising geopolitical tensions, which have
been pushing a lot of central banks to
swap soft safe haven assets to hard
assets. We have also seen an erosion of
a confidence in the current global
monetary arrangement centered on the
dollar and the US Treasury. And maybe
just a finally on positioning, we know
that central banks has been accumulating
gold reserves. Gold is right now about
25% of average is central bank reserve.
Now, that number is a substantially
below the '60s and '70s before the fall
of a Bretton Woods. And people would
also argue that recently we have seen a
lot of ETF inflows into the gold market.
If you look at ETF for gold, it's a
fraction, less than 2% of US Treasury
and US equity. So, small change of that
rotation could make a big difference.
And finally, global fund managers only
hold about 2.3% of their portfolio in
gold.
41% of managers don't actually hold any
gold at all. So, if you believe in Ray
Dalio saying 15% should be in gold or
Jeffrey Gundlach saying 20-25%, this is
significant room to build in that gold
allocation. So, whether you look at the
positioning, technical valuation, and
fundamental, I think there's plenty of
reason for gold to push higher. We are
overall structurally positive on gold.
We think it deserve higher weight in the
portfolio in the new normal environment.
But gold has performed really well so
far this year, right? It's going
parabolic. So, that that type of a
performance cannot last. Even something
is in a secular bull market, don't
expect that kind of a price action to
last. So, do expect some volatilities
and short-term corrections. But that
that
that thought of of the private sector
also getting involved is exactly what
was underpinning the upside case
>> Yeah, the ETFs
have been accumulating because they
raised their year-end target for next
year to 4,900 and they're saying it
could go even higher if the private
sector gets involved. But that was
really great insights those insights
there. That was Aidan Yao, a senior
investment strategist for Asia at Amundi
Investment Institute. And coming up in
the next hour, Standard Chartered is
going to be joining us to weigh in on
whether China's growth can stabilize by
year-end and how aggressively the PBOC
might cut rates. Plus, what is next for
the yuan. We'll have plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
You wouldn't have even thought of it.
They
They came together. The world has come
together around this deal. You know,
having the ability to deal with trade,
having the ability to use tariffs to
help me make a point. The tariffs have
have brought peace to the world.
That was President Trump there speaking
to Fox News about the latest
Israel-Hamas peace plan. And he earlier
touted the deal on his Truth Social
account saying all hostages will be
released very soon, and Israel will
withdraw its troops to an agreed-upon
line. Joining us now is Mona Yacoubian,
director and senior advisor of the
Middle East program at CSIS. And And
Mona, thanks very much for for making
the time for us. I do want to start with
with the overall
scope of the deal and also to get your
insights into how significant of a
breakthrough this is.
I mean, it's an extraordinary
breakthrough given two years of
devastating conflict, trauma in both
societies, widespread destruction in
Gaza, and humanitarian suffering.
The deal promises an end to the war, a
release of all the hostages, prisoner
releases, the flowing in in large scale
of humanitarian assistance into Gaza.
This is a moment that the region, and
really I'd say the world, has been
waiting for.
Mona,
David here. So, this is this is phase
one.
What do you think
should be in phase two?
Well, there are elements that are
prescribed for phase two.
I think what's key, and this is where
there there could well be snags, is the
disarming of Hamas.
The plan calls for the demilitarization
of Gaza, the destruction of all the
military terror infrastructure, so the
tunnels, etc.
That's going to be an extraordinary
lift. No clear indicators of how that is
actually to be done.
It also calls for phased withdrawal. So,
the first withdrawal is the one that's
initiated in this first phase to an
agreed-upon line. But then there are
subsequent withdrawals, and how and when
those withdrawals take place is open to
question.
And then, of course, the plan, as it's
envisioned, appears to have a buffer
zone within Gaza in which Israelis would
man a troop presence. That appears to be
counter to how Hamas is describing it,
which is that it would be Israel's
complete withdrawal from the territory.
So, big questions remain there on
disarming versus withdrawal. And also,
are we indeed seeing the final and
permanent end to this conflict or are
there openings for the conflict to
resume as differences begin to emerge as
to whether or not Hamas is being
disarmed and so forth.
Yeah, there's certainly a number of
complex elements of the proposal.
Another one as well is also agreeing on
on the roster of Palestinian protesters
or prisoners rather that should be
released. That could also end up being
protracted. So, so what's also you
mentioned the sticking points from all
the potential hiccups from the Israeli
side. What about from the Palestinian
side as well before the Palestinian
side?
Well, again, questions about whose names
have been approved. I'm assuming, I
don't I'm not privy to the internal
negotiations, that there is a there are
agreed upon lists of names of
Palestinian prisoners,
prisoners with life sentences and others
to be released. But there is also a
question because the agreement ties the
release of prisoners to the return of
deceased the remains of deceased
hostages. And that apparently is far
more complex than it may seem.
Unfortunately, I mean these are
remains that will need to be exhumed
that are probably deep down under the
ground in some of these tunnels. So, are
will they be able to find the remains,
get them, get them out, etc. I think
those are all questions
that are still going to be open. Then of
course, there were these much bigger
questions about the so-called day after.
If all of these hurdles are crossed,
how will governance and security
arrangements be maintained in Gaza? And
here too, the plan is very ambitious.
And it's not clear that they it will be
able to get to the to what is envisioned
by the plan. An international
stabilization force, for example,
comprised of Arab and other countries.
That's a pretty tall order, to say the
least. And then of course, the questions
around governance. And here again, no
Palestinian authority, of course no
Hamas. And there I think Hamas has
acquiesced. But what does this
Palestinian executive committee that is
designated in the agreement, who's who's
it comprised of? And of course, we have
this overarching role, at least again as
envisioned by the agreement, played by
President Trump as the chairman of the
so-called board of peace and former
British Prime Minister Tony Blair. These
are big questions and how they actually
work on the ground, especially in such a
complex environment, I think um
those are some very significant
challenges that lie ahead.
Well, in your view, Mona, just as a
final question, who do you think or
which group do you think is best
positioned to govern
the Gaza Strip and who pays for the
rebuilding of of of of Gaza?
Well, in terms of who governs, I mean I
think by all accounts, it's going to be
essential to have a Palestinian element
of governance. I mean it's to have them
governed by external outside
authorities, I think is not going to
work. And so, what does this committee
look like? There's talk about a reformed
Palestinian authority. What does that
mean? How do they get there? Um those
are critical questions, but in order for
this
for there to be lasting peace in Gaza,
there has to be
Palestinians
governing Gaza. That is a critical
element that has driven the conflict.
Who pays for reconstruction? Here I
think many are looking to the Gulf
countries to invest in rebuilding Gaza.
But I can tell you this, they will not
put a cent into Gaza if they feel that
this conflict has not been resolved in a
final way. They are not going to invest
in order only to see things get blown up
again.
Mona, thank you so much for taking the
time. Mona Yacoubian there, director and
senior advisor of the Middle East
program at the CSIS. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
[Music]
Great China, I want to read.
Right, so just for a look at Yeah, I
think it's a big deal in town. There we
go. 7% down in HSBC, down the most in
about 6 months. Hang Seng Bank is up
nearly 30% this go private offer or take
private offer out of HSBC really playing
out across these markets. Very quickly,
the reopening in mainland China. You see
the other top story we have across these
markets today with some of the catch-up
trades. China C copper, the gold place,
Ganfeng Lithium. There we go. All
substantially up in the first 25 minutes
of the session. We'll have more on the
way here on the China show. We'll have a
look at what's happening in the currency
markets, specifically with the euro also
pushing below some key technical levels
and dollar yen also headed Well, bumped
its head on 153 yesterday. Plenty more
ahead.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Taking a
look at the Shanghai there, but also how
markets are faring because we've got
mainland stocks reopening after an 8-day
Golden Week holiday and we are seeing
them moving a little bit to the upside.
It's been a very interesting period
because we have seen the data coming in
a little bit softer than expected, but
it's also the the other question. We've
had so much optimism around the tech
story in China and does that AI
narrative continue to hold up? Yeah,
it's more than offsetting, I guess, the
lack of
quick progress on the underlying data,
right? We're getting so far a mixed bag
on the high frequency numbers from the
holidays. We talked about box office
yesterday, but we talked about Macau as
well. Yeah. Yeah, 8-day holiday. Okay, I
need an 8-day holiday. I need an 8-month
holiday, really, if you think about it.
What What a 20 What a year 2025 has
been. Okay, let's let's have a look at
So, that's the cash markets.
Change the page, please. So, we're
looking at offshore onshore currency. Do
we have the onshore currency there?
Because that's the one that's of course
trading today
for the first time as well. I'm told
it's
Okay, then we'll show we'll show you
that in some way later on as well.
There's a quirk that has to do with the
long holiday. But in any case, of
course,
10 and 30-year yield on your screens for
you. We're now at 185. We're down about
two, three basis points on the 10-year.
Let's bring in our FX report. Iris
Ouyang here with us to help us
understand the FX and rates markets and
what you're looking at, Iris, going into
this reopening today.
Thank you, David and Annabelle. Um so,
the bond and yuan traders are looking at
the economic data from China's 8-day
Golden Week holiday. You know, some of
the metrics like property sales, retail
and catering sales, and also some
consumption data
are key indicators of domestic demand
and invest and the consumer sentiments.
And especially in the especially in the
You can look at me, Iris. Okay. I'm not
going to bite. Yeah. Especially in the
FX markets, people are also discussing
the yuan fixing. It's stronger than
expected.
It's stronger than the average estimate
in a Bloomberg survey. So, we are seeing
the CNH, the offshore yuan, maintain
some of the gains this morning. And in
the bond markets, people are watching
the stock markets moves because the
stock market is still up front and
center for the bond investors. As we
have seen so far this year, the stock
market rallies have been pressuring the
bond yields. Yeah, exactly. It's that
that rotation we're seeing bonds to
equity. So, then what is the highest
conviction in the bond market right now?
So, the bond investors are expecting
authorities will work to prevent massive
sales sell-offs or
redemptions in the bond markets. They
are having strong faith in the PBOC,
especially that it will prevent
there will be more sell-offs.
And they are expecting the Ministry of
Finance will demand, you know, the
yields will be low enough for them to
sell more of those notes.
All right, that was Bloomberg's Iris
Ouyang there. Thanks for joining us and
let's get more on the the reopen now of
Chinese markets coming back from the
Golden Week holiday. Joining us is Becky
Liu, head of China macro strategy at
Standard Chartered Bank. And And Becky,
we were just talking there about that
rotation we're seeing from bonds to
equities, but what's the the biggest
theme that you're seeing right now? We
are clearly seeing a decoupling between
market sentiment performance versus the
economic fundamentals. So, starting from
July, we started to see people become
very bullish on onshore equity. When we
were in China, everyone we talked to
were bullish equity. So, that has been
leading to a very substantial rotation
out of the bond market into the equity
market. And we believe this trend will
likely to continue for the time being.
Like given the from evaluations point of
view or from even a regulatory point of
view that they are, for example, having
the insurance company that have to put
at least 30% of newly received premiums
into
investments from here on. So, that's why
like all these changes are really
reflecting a regrading of China's medium
to long-term outlook. So, But leading to
a complete ignorance of the short-term
weakness in in in economic data. So so
so that's why in the short-term we
believe market will continue to be
driven by by sentiment instead of
fundamental. Mhm. Are you seeing any
change in inflation expectations in
China? Are you also seeing that somewhat
reflecting this re-rating that's taken
place or have we not seen any progress
in that front? Inflation or or more
precisely deflation at this stage we're
likely to continue for some time. So if
we look at the broad forecast across
either our in-house or market consensus,
no one is really expecting a sustainable
rebound of the PPI in PPI inflation back
to the positive territory before 2027.
So some people indeed expect the
headline to move towards the zero or
slightly above zero in the short-term
because of the commodity prices etc.
>> That's right. But no one is really
expecting a sustainable move at this
stage. So people are relatively downbeat
when it comes to the effectiveness of
the anti-involution this time around or
people call it supply side reform 2.0.
It was extremely effective a decade ago
and people still have that memory and
market was trying to catch that kind of
impact from the market performance point
of view, but fundamentally the entire
situation fundamental or where they are
planning to put the efforts are
completely different. So from our
perspective we believe PPI inflation
will stay negative. CPI inflation will
likely to stay very low, but it will
likely to move back to the positive
territory and stay there at a low single
I mean
low level probably somewhere between
zero and 1% for some time. Yeah, it's
interesting cuz we had the the stronger
industrial profits numbers and everyone
was talking about the anti-involution
drive starting to take
starting to take effect.
>> If you're talking then about people or
investors looking at the medium to
longer term expectations of of economic
recovery,
when when does that actually happen?
What's what's your thinking around that?
I think it's about like people no longer
feel that China is going to collapse
anytime soon.
Like it clearly outperformed people's
expectation on the back of the higher
tariff. So even if you look at the
export numbers so far this year, it's
very very strong. It's up nearly 6% for
the first 8 months of this year versus
an average of 0% for the last 2 years.
So exports has been very strong and also
people start to realize that the Chinese
tech and the US technology gap has been
narrowing and that's also reflecting in
the equity market performance as well.
So so that's why it's not necessarily
that people looking for an immediate
economic recovery. I think market
consensus is quite downbeat for the
second half of this year and in 2026.
For example, we are now still looking
for GDP decelerating from 5.3% in first
half to 4 and 1/2 in the second half and
especially in Q4 probably it will be
just above 4% which is relatively low.
And in 2026 we find that we think 4.5%
could even be challenging. So these are
short-term
like people still consider these to be
situations and so long it's not falling
even faster and steeper from the current
level, it
appear to be that investors are
comfortable with that and still will
probably still try to bring back some of
the previous underweight position in
China exposure. The the the other
component to this rally is
not so much expectations of a recovery,
but liquidity. And do you think
liquidity the liquidity situation
remains the same if not improves going
into next year and your outlook for
rates, open market operations,
everything everything in between there.
We think liquidity is going to stay
accommodative and structurally they have
put together a number of new tools. For
example, the new 14-day reverse repo
which will be bidding on the
bidding on the price with a fixed
quantity. So all these tools will
facilitate continued accommodative and
relatively stable interbank liquidity
condition in China from here on. And
also market like if we look at the
pricing of say IRS or cash bonds, they
are completely priced out
future rate cuts already. While we look
at the economic fundamentals, look at
the credit data, fundamentals are still
very strongly calling for additional
rate cuts from here yet the central bank
is very reluctant. So getting into the
fourth quarter of this year we still do
not rule out the possibility for the
PBOC to be cutting rates by another And
at the same time we also believe that
it's time for them to start
purchase CGBs from the open market
again. I wanted to ask about that. What
does that look like exactly? What sort
of quantity are you expecting?
So if we look at the past year's
experience during August and December
during the time they that they were
buying, they bought 40% of net issuance
from the central government during that
period of time. This time around given
Q4 supply is massively lower that on one
hand it's negative from the growth
perspective because that's a primary
source of fiscal income and fiscal
stimulus. For example, if you look at
the first three quarters of this year,
supplies were up by more than 60%. In
the fourth quarter if no additional
quota is given, it will be down from a
year ago. Even if they bring
bring bring forward next year's 1
trillion swap bond issuance is going to
be flat versus a quarter ago. So it's
less necessary from a supply demand
dynamics perspective that PBOC need to
buy a lot more. So the only trigger that
they will need to buy a lot more would
be coming from a bigger sell-off on the
back of the bond to equity rotation
which is possible in our view. So for
the moment we are still looking for a
similar
amount of purchase like last year, but
we believe that's going to be a moving
target. Do you think there's a target on
the yields that would catalyze them to
to act? In other words, as some people
have told us it's 2% they're not going
to allow the yield to top 2%. What is
that level to you?
I believe it's more about the pace of
change or the momentum in the bond
market. Currently if we see equity
market continue to rally, then the back
end of the bond yield curve like 10 to
30 year part of the curve will likely to
still under further pressure. But
technically there's also a improvement
because all the ultra long dated special
government bonds will be concluded on
the 10th of October which is this week.
So from here on there's no long dated
bond issuance
anymore. So so so that's why PBOC
probably would be watching on the move
the pace of the move and
from our perspective if 10 year is
approaching 190, no need to get to 2% it
would already be a very good level for
the PBOC to start buying. Even without
it getting there they could still be
buying bonds at the front end of the
curve. At the end of the day they have
been letting the their holding maturing
since the beginning of this year. So
PBOC purely from a CGB buy-sell
perspective it has been conducting QT
instead of QE. Mhm. So on balance supply
is the primary consideration on the long
end. On the short end to your point
there's some buying there. Net net is
that does the bear steepening continue
or
does that reverse? In the immediate
future it looks like the bear steepening
could last for a bit longer, but for the
entire fourth quarter we believe it will
likely to reverse because in the
short-term we have a number of events.
We have the fourth plenum and we have
this potential say reported major
breakthrough of the US-China trade
negotiation and if you look at today's
fixing, it's exceptionally strong. Like
based on our model calculation like no
matter how you set the parameter, it's
impossible to get to such a low fixing.
So so all these could be
good gestures just feeding into the
ongoing negotiation. So if that's the
case, we could see equity market
momentum holding up and that will
continue to impact the back end of the
curve. We are much more comfortable with
the very front end of the curve given
they have already priced out all the
rate cut expectations. Mhm.
You mentioned the currency. What's your
expectations around downside upside
potential?
If we talk about dollar CNY, the
downside
for the for the time being is 710.
Clearly PBOC doesn't want to set the
fixing below 710 and we haven't seen
spot trading below fixing since 2017.
So from a spot perspective it looks like
it will very difficult to break through
720 as well even if we got a further
rebound in dollar as what we are seeing
over the holiday period. Dollar
rebounded by 1% but fixing has
completely discounted the dollar move.
So we will likely to see dollar CNY
staying range range bound somewhere
between 710 to 720 for the time being.
Mhm. So just just very quickly you
mentioned the word gesture. That's
interesting. Do you think politics will
play a part in how the fixing trends the
next two three weeks?
I think the only role it's going to play
is that it will prevent the CNY from
depreciating very quickly.
>> Okay. But it doesn't mean that they are
willing to have more strengthening at
this stage. So 710 would probably still
be the floor. There we go. That's why we
have you here in the show is that nuance
is important. Thank you so much. Becky
Liu there, head of macro strategy for
China at Standard Chartered Bank. Right,
still in focus or well we're shifting
our focus rather to Bloomberg screen
time underway
on the West Coast in LA. This panel is a
conversation with the LA mayor,
corporate Sarah McGregor, Bloomberg
guest yeah, news desk, Bloomberg news
national desk managing editor. Yeah,
great event that's happening in Los
Angeles and it's a really great lineup
coming as well because they've got the
the Netflix co-CEO and we've also got
Jimmy Kimmel or Jimmy Kimmel rather
that's going to be speaking with us
later on this hour. So we'll bring those
conversations to you. We'll have more
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> You're watching the China show and this
has been really one of the top stories
today. Uh H- HSBC is showing a fine this
morning with plans to privatize Hang
Seng Bank at a $37 billion valuation.
So, shares are The offer here is to buy
shares at at a huge premium to the
Wednesday close. It's 37%
uh and you're trading around that mark
right now. Yeah, in fact, the CEO was
kind enough to carve out some of his
time to cross the street and speak with
us earlier on. HSBC CEO says the
decision to privatize Hang Seng Bank is
about growth. It's a vote of confidence
when it comes to Hong Kong. He told us
exclusively that the move has nothing to
do with the unit's more than 3 billion
US dollars of bad debts. Have a look.
This is an investment for growth. This
is an investment in Hong Kong, one of
our home markets, um and one of our key
markets.
Hang Seng is an iconic brand in Hong
Kong. It's a leading local bank. It has
a fantastic customer franchise. Have a
very strong financial position.
Um it has a cultural distinctiveness.
And the idea here is to effectively uh
take private Hang Seng by retaining its
distinctive uh customer franchise, by
retaining its branch network, its own
customer proposition. Obviously, it's
iconic brand in Hong Kong and you know,
its heritage and culture more than uh
over around 100 years uh in Hong Kong.
The bank already owned a majority of
this unit before the transactions. I'm
curious, what does this transaction now
enable you to do that perhaps you were
not in as good a position before the
transaction came through?
So, David, a couple of things. First, it
allows us to enhance all the
capabilities of Hang Seng. So, we will
be able as I said, it's an investment
for growth. We will be able to offer
existing customers of Hang Seng as well
as all new customers of Hang Seng
wider range of products empowered by you
know, by the HSBC product suite, you
know, such as capital markets for the um
corporate customers or such as wealth
products for the retail customers.
Um it allows us also to you know, give
access to Hang Seng customers
to our international network in a way
that they wouldn't have access before.
It allows us to enhance all these
capabilities by scaling investments in
technology, scaling investment in
product manufacturing, scaling
investment in innovation. That's one.
And the other one, it allows better
alignment between HSBC and Hang Seng.
Um this alignment will allow us to drive
a number of synergies and other
efficiencies which we expect to achieve
over time. Did bad debt play
any part in the thinking behind this
decision? Because a few weeks ago we
were reporting here at Bloomberg about
how HSBC had been asking Hang Seng to
clean up some of its bad debt and we
were hearing that that Hang Seng as well
was in the process of divesting some of
its portfolios. So, was that part of the
the rationale as well?
So, David, this has nothing to do with
the you know, with the you know, bad
debt
situation.
It's a very much an investment for
growth. This is a medium to long-term
investment for HSBC in what is a
fantastic brand in Hong Kong, in the
market, Hong Kong itself, in the market
where growth has been
very strong. It It demonstrates through
this you know, significant investment,
it demonstrates our commitment to the
economy of Hong Kong. It demonstrates
our conviction and you know, in the
future outlook of Hong Kong. Um and it
it demonstrates the appetite we have to
continue enhancing the capabilities of
Hang Seng for the medium to long-term.
That's an interesting point you made
there, Georges, on you want to retain
the Hang Seng Bank identity.
Uh so, just to ask you, there's no
merger of that So, the Hang Seng Bank
unit will remain as is. In other words,
Hang Seng Bank clients will remain Hang
Seng Bank clients and they won't be
folded under HSBC. That's absolutely
correct. So, so what happens is this is
a take private. This is not a takeover.
In the take private, you retain the Hang
Seng brand. You take you retain the Hang
Seng uh authorized entity under the Hong
Kong Banking Ordinance as a as a
licensed bank. You retain its customer
proposition, you know, covering as a
local leading local bank covering retail
customers and commercial banking
customers in Hong Kong.
Um you retain its governance, its board,
um and obviously for customers, the
day-to-day doesn't change. The increased
capabilities will come over time and
they will benefit from it. You have made
some some changes recently to the top
leadership at Hang Seng as well. But do
you plan any any further reshuffles
there or any sort of head count
reductions? So, in terms of leadership,
this obviously will be a matter for the
Hang Seng board and the incoming CEO to
to decide, but we have a strong
leadership in Hang Seng that's
um you know, that's been you know,
throughout. And as you know, HSBC Hang
Seng's part of the HSBC family. HSBC has
been very actively engaged with Hang
Seng throughout the last 60 years.
Um with regards with regards head count,
we you know, our plan is to continue
invest in people in Hong Kong.
We want to continue to invest in people
and we want to continue to invest in
technology in Hong Kong. We believe this
um
privatization proposal will give our
colleagues, specifically our colleagues
across Hang Seng,
further opportunities for career
development, further opportunities for
training and
you know, and further ability to give
talent um you know, opportunities within
Hong Kong and outside Hong Kong.
That was the HSBC CEO there, Georges
Elhedery, speaking exclusively to us
earlier on the China show. And if you're
a subscriber and you want to rewatch
that interview, you can via interactive
TV function TV Go. You can also become
part of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. So, do check it out at
TV Go. We'll have plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
China's tightening the export of rare
earth technologies, broadening
restrictions that have been a source of
tension with Washington. So, let's get
more with our China economy and
government editor, Alan Wong. So, Alan,
we've seen restrictions in the past, but
what's new about these and also how much
do we want to read in the timing of this
announcement as well?
Yeah, so it wasn't that long ago, back
in April when they first put uh
restrictions on the exports of seven
types of rare earths that we uh that
later caused uh some supply chain
disruption globally cuz uh these rare
earths are used in the manufacturing of
a wide range of uh equipment and tools
including electric vehicles, but also uh
for weapon systems. So, now they have
broadened what uh types of rare earths
applications, tools, and technologies
that needs an export license from the
Chinese government before uh Chinese
companies could send them abroad. But um
the announcement today uh is two-part.
One is that the more of technologies
related to rare earths such as uh
smelting, mining, and recycling of rare
earths, they're now under export
control. And the other part of the
announcement today is about how overseas
companies that process rare earths from
China or uh make equipment that has rare
earth minerals in there, before they
could export that stuff uh forward, they
need a license with Beijing. So, that
This is another layer of um
uh application and license approval uh
process that will
that may uh further the kind of
disruption that we saw back in April.
Yeah, I mean, will this net net affect
uh
the the success rate of the upcoming
talks? Or I think when you look at what
Beijing has said about rare earths, it's
a lot of it is operational and we need
to put more details into that just to
have a better clear conversation around
rare earths.
Yeah, so in the announcements today,
China made clear that it wants to
maintain supply chain stability, which
is a tacit way to say that uh any
eligible and proper use of rare earths
will still export. But then if you want
to use a Chinese rare earth for military
purposes
uh and other uh applications that China
doesn't approve of, we're not going to
grant those kind of applications. So,
that's that's signal that civilian use
of rare earths will be approved. But
then this comes a question of the
bureaucracy part of it and if there's
any going to be any delay just because
of the process of approval that we have
seen in last couple months. And it's not
just with the US and China. It's also
other countries such as the European
Union
uh countries that uh have been
complaining about delays in getting rare
earths. So, we'll see potentially global
impact from this change. Okay, there we
go. The latest in the rare earths story.
Alan Wong there, our China economy and
government uh editor. We're just headed
into the Tokyo lunch break. We'll give
you a wrap of the markets there plus
other things moving across Asia Pacific
today.
[Music]
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo and Japanese
markets are just about to go into their
lunch break. We are seeing a strong
session here. You've got the Nikkei
really among the big gainers today up
1.4%.
It uh has been of course a bullish few
days and investors are really rethinking
the possibilities for the markets with
incoming leader Takai Ichi as well for
for sentiment and you continuing to
watch there the Japanese yen because
that weakening trend is extending here
down past that 152 level. Yeah, in fact
I think overnight I don't know the
specific uh time of the day uh but I
think we did get to a 153 handle on
I'm not sure if there's written Jacksons
that actually went through or simply
quotes but just that's just to say it's
really weakened quite a bit. I think
we're on track now for the worst second
worst week on the Japanese currency
going back 9 years, right? So this the
move has been quite something. We'll
need to see more of course but before we
worry about intervention based on some
market commentary. And there's another
stock we're watching in particular
because of course one of the big
heavyweights on the benchmark is
SoftBank and you're seeing shares
climbing here today in the session.
There has been a plan it was actually
announced just going into the market
close yesterday for Tokyo trading hours
but they announced a plan to to acquire
the Swiss
conglomerate essentially ABB's robotics
unit or their industrial robotics unit
and so that has really boosted
expectations for profit growth linked to
AI. So this is a deal that's worth 5.4
billion dollars but it is just the
latest we've seen in a string of AI bets
for the company this year. So SoftBank
shares are are climbing here to the
upside. Another sort of SoftBank linked
news today as well has been the the
announcement that that Graphcore which
is a
chip designer that's based in the UK but
fully owned by SoftBank. They're also
making a 1 billion pound or they're
expected to make a 1 billion pound
investment in India and that should be
coming next week that announcement. But
chips generally is is a big focus in the
session today because there's a quite a
few different headlines that that we're
trying to get our heads around here but
but one of the first ones is that we had
a Which one?
Well, I think we can probably start at
the sentiment was overall bullish in in
the session on Wall Street and and that
does follow
some question marks over the the
circular nature of some of the deals
that have been announced because
yesterday or this week we've seen OpenAI
and and AMD that investment we've seen
Nvidia looking to invest in xAI that's
Elon Musk's AI startup as well.
AMD and or rather Nvidia and OpenAI as
well that circular nature has been a big
question but Jensen Huang did an
interview actually on CNBC but talking
about demand for for Blackwell the
Blackwell architecture or that series
the most advanced AI chips on the market
saying it's really high. So that is
something that investors seem to have
listened to. Yeah, and you know to the
point you just made there right on the
demand for Blackwell for example I think
we will get a somewhat decent tangible
indication of that later today because
TSMC actually fittingly enough
uh in about what time is it now? It's in
about 3 hours from now actually I think
it's scheduled to release
the monthly sales numbers. So that's a
very good benchmark for the for this
specific industry to track. And on top
of that I think export numbers out of
Taiwan more broadly trade numbers are
actually coming out as well
later today. Just one last thing to note
just on more headlines coming through.
There's one just actually dropping
uh Ant Group releasing this Ling 1T AI
model. That's all we know so far about
that and we when we get more details on
that I promise you we will get them to
you. Okay, we will set the chips
conversation aside. We'll take you
straight back now to LA where Bloomberg
Screen Time is underway and let's listen
in
to this ongoing panel with Greg Peters
the co-CEO of Netflix.
you know
vulnerability where you start to breed
you know complacency arrogance and
things like that and I think in the
world that we live in
entertainment this has been this is the
most competitive entertainment
environment that's ever existed on the
planet you know in the history of
humankind. It's getting more and more
competitive and if you don't maintain
the sense that you are constantly
vulnerable
I think you will lose. So I think the
biggest thing that people point to as
perhaps a sign of vulnerability at least
that I've noticed is that your
engagement the amount of time people
spend on the service has been pretty
flat over the last couple of years and
then you look at the the regular drops
from Nielsen and you see that streaming
share of TV time has gone up quite a bit
and your share that's gone up is a
pretty small fraction of that. A lot of
the growth has gone to these free
services. So how do you how do you
address that? Well, I think you just
essentially explained it right which is
that we moved to on demand very early on
in the process. So we sort of got the
benefit of basically built our business
around that benefit and then
you know everyone over a period of time
caught up and you know essentially from
our perspective they're all now moving
to that model and moving to that benefit
for consumers. So
you know frankly the fact that we were
actually keeping pace in that sort of
you know shifting tide if you will I
think it's you know a reasonably good
thing. It's not great you know.
>> I mean
good thing but from everything I've
heard inside the company like the goal
was basically to replace television
right? Like have Netflix be the one
service if you can watch basically
anything on television on Netflix except
for news and until recently sports.
Well, I I think you know expressing that
as an ambition and also that as a way to
organize how the company thinks about
what we're trying to go do is great. I
also think that that's not consistent
with saying that we thought it was
realistic that we were really going to
be the only thing that people were going
to watch right? Because I also don't
think that that's realistic at the end
of the day. So I think there's always
going to be like multiple sources of
entertainment even in the categories
that we serve. We want to be you know we
want to win as much of that as we
possibly can. So I'm not you know don't
back to being complacent. I'm not happy
with the fact you know that we're not
growing engagement. We should grow more
engagement. I think we will. I expect
you'll see engagement numbers will go up
for us
but also I don't think this I don't
think there's a world in which we be the
only thing that people watch.
A big project I assume to help grow
engagement was the new user interface UI
that you rolled out over the last year
plus. Yep. Can you point to some key
ways in which that has already helped or
you think it will help? Well, I would
say
a lot of what we've been doing is
essentially re-architecting the entire
stack. This is from sort of how
algorithms get calculated. We used to
calculate overnight everyone's
recommendations when they show up in the
morning we would have that baked. Now we
do it dynamically on the fly and now
we've created a UI where essentially you
can you know
connect those those algorithmic pipes in
and also launch new modules. Can I I'm
Can you Can you use words that I I'm not
even going to insult the audience here
that I will understand. Yeah, so thank
you. Uh
Basically what happens now is that when
we think about what titles do you want
to watch right? We used to do that
overnight and and you'd show up and we'd
give you those titles. Now the way that
we do it essentially is as you're
navigating the UI we think about oh what
are signals that you're giving I skipped
over this thing really quickly. I'm not
interested in that right? That's right.
So I think that's something that's going
to take us I think a while to really
build the fullness of how that delivers
you know benefit for our users. But the
thing that I can point to you right now
that the new UI structure is designed to
go do and is doing for us is serving new
content needs. As we expand beyond just
film and series we expand to live events
and the UI has to do a different job
which is like why do you want to show up
at Thursday at 7:00 p.m. because oh
you're going to watch a you know a
boxing match that you know you wouldn't
otherwise get to see. Or why do you want
to play a game or those kind of things.
That's that's what it's that's what it's
doing for us right now. Right.
Um
When it comes to to live
um that was something that you sort of
famously said you weren't going to do
sports for a while and I know you it's
not just sports you also do other live
events but the sports have been the
biggest right? Your NFL game was really
big. Boxing match was huge or
both boxing matches the the Logan or the
the Jake Paul one will decide if it's
really a boxing match or I'll let you go
on for your own
I'll refrain.
Um
How much more are you going to invest in
live events over the next few years and
are there things that you know that you
want to add to the service that you
don't have right now?
So I would say start with you know live
we think of as an important additional
form of entertainment that we can
deliver members. It's sort of a
different style of entertainment you
know where actually it's interesting
because
in contrast to our on demand service
which has tremendous benefit because you
control the entertainment when you want
to watch it. The big benefit of live is
that we're all experiencing the same
thing at the same time and that has
tremendous sort of social and
conversational relevance right?
So we want to do more of it.
It's represents
a very small fraction of our total
investment. It represents a small
fraction of our total hours but we think
it also does a different job. So it sort
of comes
>> Does it have a different impact like do
you see cuz from the third party data
I've seen you tend to see huge surges in
sign-ups around some of those bigger
events. Yeah, I think
we expect that it will do the same work
ultimately that our other content does
which basically is a reason to sign up
and a reason to stay. That's you know at
the end of the day. Now I think we back
to your point about like what do we know
we want to get and stuff like that.
We're still really learning in this
space. So we're really trying to figure
out like okay what how is this
delivering value to members? How is this
delivering value to the business? And
there's definitely different phenomena
which is these are punctuated moments to
your point right? Which you know people
go like okay if I maybe on the edge of
signing up for Netflix this might be the
thing that pushes me over you know to to
actually do that. So I think we'll see
different things for sure but we really
are learning as we go. I want to throw
one poll to the audience before we I ask
the next question cuz they are related.
If we get it up there I will ask. Uh
So I just want to I promised Greg I
would do this. Keep in mind how much
these sports cost. Football is the most
expensive. Tennis is the least
expensive. Everything else sort of fits
in between there. So even though Greg
and I both like tennis it's probably
smallest audience but also least
expensive.
>> The international audience is very
large.
Um
What would you say are the the odds that
you make a bid for one of the football
packages when the NFL opts out of its
current deal in '29? It doesn't It
You know, it doesn't really fit with our
strategy as we understand it right now.
So, again, back to your point, we think
about what we're doing as an event
strategy, and turns out, as you said,
sports are big events, right? And so, we
can plug those into that strategy, but
we also want to make sure that we're
being really, really disciplined about
you know, are we buying? Are we
investing in ways that are profitable
for the business?
Um and some of the big league sports
things, we don't actually have a way to
figure out that math.
Soccer.
>> Okay. All right. Although, doesn't
I mean, isn't the the sort of the magic
of football? I get that the NFL is maybe
tricky for you in that it's not global
and how expensive it is, but the reason
it's so successful, it's the one sport
where like every Sunday sort of is an
event. Uh it's it's amazing in that
regard, right? But I think to some
degree that lack of substitutability is
of course what gives the rights holders
the leverage, and they've done a pretty
good job at Yes.
>> for it. I know, you you have I can tell
that you guys have this vision of where
like you have more leverage than the
sports leagues at a negotiation, and
that has basically never happened in
media in
>> That's right.
So, until it happens, I would say you
should have some skepticism about that.
Okay. Um
one other thing that uh
you guys have basically never done is
large-scale M&A. But the bigger you get,
the more you tend to get tied to to
different companies, different deals.
There's been some reports around you
guys being interested in Warner Brothers
Discovery. Is there any truth to that?
I'd say this, you know, we come from a
deep heritage of being builders rather
than buyers. Uh I also think that um
it's you know, one should have a
reasonable amount of skepticism around
big uh media mergers. They don't have an
amazing track record over, you know, the
history of time. Uh so, you know, I
would say it's our also it's our
responsibility to evaluate our all our
options and try and
>> you'll you'll look, you'll have a
conversation, but the odds of an offer
are pretty low. Yeah, our job is to
figure out like what's the best way to
grow our business, right? And then we
have to think, you know,
really carefully like how do we invest,
you know, our capital, our time, and our
attention. And if that's the best way to
do it, great. And if it's not, then we
should do something else.
Um one area you're investing a lot of
capital right now, or you might quibble
with a lot, but it is gaming.
Small fraction of our total investment,
but I appreciate you saying that. Um
you've been offering video games for 4
years. How would What would you What
grade would Little over three.
>> Little over three, sorry. Uh
What grade would you give your gaming
effort so far?
Um I'll give us a B minus. How's that?
Okay. Yeah. I would say, look, I'm where
you want maybe just start where we're
at, right? Uh one, you know, it's a it's
a big market, you know, $140 billion
ex-China, ex-U uh Russia. That doesn't
inclu- That's just consumer spend, that
doesn't include ads. So, we think it's a
real opportunity for us to try and earn
a percentage of that over a period of
time. A lot of what we've been doing is
really just building
the foundation, right? We've been doing
a lot of like, yeah, real hard plumbing
work. But now we're getting to a really
interesting place where um you know,
we're going to deliver more of what our
vision of what we should be doing in the
space is. And we call it games because
that's a you know, a rubric or you know,
a name that we all can relate to, but
really I would look at this as how do we
add more interactive capability? So, uh
that means even things like taking our
live program back to live programming,
how do we add interactivity with live?
So, we've got voting right now that
we're in testing on with David Chang and
his live cooking show. You'll see that
interact those interactive features come
up with Star Search when we do a lot
another live event a non-sports live
event of Star Search. So, that's
exciting place to be. Um and then it
gets also
>> Dave Chang
>> Is it the Dave Yeah, so you can see this
is sort of how the Dave Chang experience
is working. And you know, again, this is
you know, the tip of the iceberg, and
we'll get deeper into this um as we go.
Um we're also I think more clear around
what are the gaming areas back to the
you know, the more traditional gaming
areas that we are operating in. You
know, it's a lot of interactive uh games
around our IP. So, you think about what
we did with Squid Squid Game. I don't
know if you saw Thronglets based on the
Black Mirror universe, but it was it's
it's worth checking out cuz if you're a
Black Mirror fan, it's so in universe.
It's and the fans of Black Mirror just
loved it because it was like they were
having a meta experience there, too. But
even like Happy Gilmore, we did a golf
game with Happy Gilmore that got a
remarkable amount of uh consumption.
>> Do Do most of the people who use Netflix
know you offer games? I would say I
mean, that's part of frankly what's been
hard about this, and I think it's it's
hard for any brand that has a deep
you know, consumer sense of what are you
doing for me, right? And then you're
like, well, I'm going to do this as
well, and you have It takes a while to
really build up that sense of what's
happening. But it's not it's not that
dissimilar to let's say when we
launched, you know, in a new country.
Like I you you know, I launched in
Japan, right? So, when we started in
Japan,
2% of the Japanese population had ever
heard of Netflix. So, nobody knew what
we Nobody could Nobody knew our name,
much less be able to tell you what we
were doing. And we were doing pay TV
service in a country that doesn't really
have a great pay TV, you know,
operation. We're doing over the internet
in a way that was totally new. And so,
you you got to every day build a little
bit of like, what are we doing? Who we
are? What are we, you know, how are we
here to serve you? So, that 10-year
journey, let's say, you know, we just
did the 10th anniversary in Japan, you
know, tremendous progress over 10 years,
but it took us a long time. And I think,
you know, the gaming situation is not
dissimilar to that. How much is it a
impediment that for the most part now
you can only play it on your on your
phone?
Well, I would say
you know, you know, the phone is the
what's great about it is it's a
well-developed gaming ecosystem, right?
So, it um you know, folks know to find
games there, but it's also a highly
competitive gaming ecosystem. So, it's
developed This gives you both that
upside and the downside. But what's
exciting is that now we are moving
beyond the phone to the TV. So, I
mentioned like one of the gaming areas
we're going after One of the big gaming
areas we're going after now is
you know, social gaming experiences that
will show up on your TV. So, uh we are
now announcing We're going to announce
here actually that we're going to have
these social party games, a pack of
social party games that you can play on
your TV with your phone as the
controller. And it's things like, you
know, recognizable games like Boggle,
you got Pictionary, we've got a LEGO
party game, we've got Tetris, we've got
like a mafia-style
uh who done it. This is This is uh me
and our CTO Elizabeth playing Boggle
here, which is uh
it's um we're two very competitive
people, so it it got it got pretty ugly.
Who won? I don't know that. I'm not
going to say. That means you lost.
Oh, does it? Why don't you watch the
video, my friend?
You you you triggered my competitive
spirit.
But this is again, this is you know, so
it's your phone, which is an incredible
device, and there's all sorts of things
you're going to be able to do on your
phone
uh that you can't do on a normal
controller like touchscreen. And this is
us basically picking our our words on
that. And it's you know, it's dead
simple to use. It's intuitive. And then
this is, you know, us
on the earliest days of how we actually
can use that. And if we, you know,
basically are going to like unleash this
with a bunch of creators, and they're
going to go figure out stuff that we
didn't even imagine that they can do
with that interactivity. Okay.
Um
So, you you made a comment earlier about
how it's never been more competitive in
in media.
Um how worried are you about competition
from the second richest person in the
world?
Well, I guess I'm not sure that that's
exactly who's competing with us, and
that's maybe a a good question. Um well,
look, I mean, start with like it's fun
to have
some new vigor in the competitive
ecosystem and the dynamic there. I think
it's exciting. Uh it sort of, you know,
keeps everybody on their toes, and we're
trying to figure out everyone like
everyone's trying to figure out okay,
what does that mean and what does it do?
I also think you have to go back to like
doesn't change the business
fundamentals, right? You know, you still
have a bunch of problems to go solve and
a business to grow. And so, we'll see
what happens.
So, you you bid against them for UFC,
they come way over the top, that doesn't
worry you, that doesn't send a signal
that maybe they'll be able to spend
somewhat irrationally for
Look, guys, we are constantly dealing
with a situation where our competitors
outbid us. And what I try and remember
to our team is we should bid up to the
point where we think it's going to
deliver back value back to business. And
if somebody outbids us, I say you should
applaud and say, "Go with God, and try
and monetize the heck out of that."
Um
Is it fair to say that YouTube is the
stiffest competition, or at least for
for attention? Sorry, say again?
>> YouTube. Oh, YouTube? Yeah, for sure
they're a competitor, of course. Yeah.
>> But would you say they're the toughest
for you
I mean, they're a they're a formidable
competitor, for sure. I mean, and I
think because of some degree they
compete in a in a different axis, you
know, I think it's you know, orthogonal
competition is always the hardest
competition to deal with because they,
you know, it's hard to measure how
you're doing things, they have angles
against you that you might not, you
know, be familiar with. And so, I think
we're developing an understanding of
like like what's our place in the
ecosystem relative to them. How do we
basically shore that up? We want to be
the place where we invest ahead with you
know, So, what what is that? Like do you
look at that and say, "We need to do
UGC?" Do you look at that and say, "We
should skim off their biggest talent?"
>> the I think the the dumbest move would
be to try and match them, you know, in
every way cuz I think you have to really
know what lane you're operating in, and
then, you know, try and be excellent at
that, and then defend that lane. And so,
you know, what's What do we do? We
invest ahead with creators so that they
can tell their stories in really, really
compelling ways, in a way that the
YouTube model doesn't really allow them
to go do. So, we want to work with the
best creators on the planet. Some of
those folks are going to come from
YouTube, they're going to come from
TikTok, they're going to come from
traditional places all over the place.
We want to be the place that they want
to go when they're ready to tell that
story at that level. And then our job is
to find the biggest global audience for
them and make that really, you know, a
strong reinforced loop. Yeah. Um
I was talking with with uh your old
friend Robert earlier, and he made a
parallel of sorts that I think other
people have done between sort of the
dawn of UGC and where we're at with with
AI entertainment right now.
A lot of people over the last week in
Hollywood very alarmed about Sora, new
product from Open AI. Netflix it seems
like has been slightly less reactionary
than some of its peers if I'm being
fair.
You guys have talked openly about using
AI in at least one project. So why
disclose that and how are you using AI
in terms of the creative process, not
tech product, any of that?
So my I think a better parallel in my
mind is actually the internet rather
than UGC.
So that's how I think about it
generally.
Maybe just to start with we've been in
the AI business for people that haven't
tracked for two decades.
And so we think of that heritage, our
tech DNA, large sets of data, scaled
consumer products, scaled business
processes including on the content
production side as being the reason that
we actually have an advantage to lean
into how we use these technologies. We
want to do so in a disciplined way
though because I think you can you can
throw a lot of stuff around that's not
really going to matter and we want to
figure out where the place is that that
deliver value to the business. Consumer
experience is one. Advertising is
another big one. You mentioned content
production. We feel like our job is to
give our creators a suite of tools that
we've you know vetted and that all work
together, orchestrate together well.
They can use other tools too. That's up
to them to figure out what they want to
go do. But you know we see a lot
happening in pre-vis and shot planning,
you know, and scheduling and performa
budgeting and all that stuff. We see a
lot happening in the you know sort of
post side of things, VFX and you know
you mentioned examples that we've used
before. That's a pretty good example
where we've been able to do shots that
we wouldn't able to do in other ways.
And so we see that you know continue to
proliferate and you know we'll let the
creators lead the way in that process.
But I think our job is to is to assist
them in that rather than you know hold
back. So do you I'm curious cuz some of
your peers in Hollywood have sued some
of the AI companies. Do you feel
confident that an Open AI a a Google or
a meta or some of the smaller ones like
Midjourney have violated copyrights that
you guys own?
Well I mean I think you're we're in this
process where you're going to see a lot
of you know people trying stuff. But I
would say we have a very strong position
that you know IP should be protected.
You know we believe in supporting
creators. They should tell amazing
stories with us, with other people and
their their their that output should be
protected. And so we believe strongly
that tool creators, some of the folks
that you mentioned, and also consumers.
We have sort of a legal standard around
this whether it's coming from an AI
model or from another human creator.
Like if you copy you know without AI,
you know we've got a legal standard
around that and we should enforce those
standards and be be strong about that.
Another area where some of your your
peers have gotten into
conflict that you have thus far avoided
although it flared up a bit recently is
is in politics.
At a moment where you have a president
who kind of have gone after a lot of
elite institutions, probably has tweeted
nasty things about your company at one
point or another. How do you think about
do you do you have to do anything to
proactively defend yourself?
I think we try to stay focused on
serving members and serving the business
as being our overarching organizing
principle. And when it comes to you know
some of the things that that trip, you
know we've been pretty clear about our
position that we are in the business of
entertaining the world. That is our
mission.
>> But in entertaining the world you are
invariably going to program certain
things that a lot of people don't that
people don't like right? That's the
nature of We are we are doing our job
well. Like so just to be clear like
we're we're trying to now program for a
number of human beings on the planet
that's approaching a billion people.
Those people all do not think the same.
They have different views of what their
entertainment should be delivering to
them. So if we are doing our job right
we're working with a wide diversity of
creators and we're supporting their
ability to tell their you know their
story in their own way.
And that again if we're doing it right,
there's something on the service where
every one of us as employees or every
one of our members probably thinks is
not great or they don't like or maybe
they think it's harmful. And frankly if
we don't have that we're actually not
doing our job correctly, right? And so
we've been pretty clear that that's the
business we're in and we're going to
keep doing that.
But you do every so often take stuff
down when governments don't like it. We
just haven't had it happen here.
>> I would well to be very clear we do not
respond to government pressure. When the
government has a legal claim that
there's we have to be or legally obliged
to respond to then we react to that but
we then actually
post that so that there's transparency
around that. And again that's like
happened five times in the last year,
right? So it's not I mean it's if you
think about the
the kind of content that we carry and
the number of places that we carry,
we've generally been successful at
having a wide range of content up in
every place that we operate. Okay we're
going to run through a few things
quickly cuz I don't really have a a
minute plus left. Would you have made
more money from K-pop even after
You've been listening there to a screen
time conversation between Bloomberg's
Lucas Shaw but also the Netflix co-CEO
there speaking really a very wide
ranging conversation about media
mergers, about free speech under Donald
Trump. A lots of different topics here
but certainly a very big conversation
coming up with the late night TV host
Jimmy Kimmel just in a few minutes time.
But Dave I mean that big focus as well
on the China market reopen today. Yeah
before we wrap things up there something
to look ahead to of course is the Kimmel
conversation is of course is coming back
of mainland market. Some of the travel
related stocks I'll leave you with a
look at benchmarks and just to
underscore this reopen across mainland
markets. We're closing in at 2% now on
these gains across the mainland. We will
see you all tomorrow. That's it from us
here on the China show inside with
Haslinda Amin and Jimmy Kimmel. It's
coming up next.
[Music]